feat(eslint-plugin): create `no-invalid-void-type` rule (#1847)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/no-invalid-void-type.md

Disallows usage of `void` type outside of generic or return types.
If `void` is used as return type, it shouldn’t be a part of intersection/union type.

## Rationale

The `void` type means “nothing” or that a function does not return any value,
in contra with implicit undefined type which means that a function returns a value `undefined`.
So “nothing” cannot be mixed with any other types. If you need this - use `undefined` type instead.

## Rule Details

This rule aims to ensure that the `void` type is only used in valid places.

The following patterns are considered warnings:

```ts
type PossibleValues = string | number | void;
type MorePossibleValues = string | ((number & any) | (string | void));

function logSomething(thing: void) {}
function printArg<T = void>(arg: T) {}

logAndReturn<void>(undefined);

interface Interface {
  lambda: () => void;
  prop: void;
}

class MyClass {
  private readonly propName: void;
}
```

The following patterns are not considered warnings:

```ts
type NoOp = () => void;

function noop(): void {}

let trulyUndefined = void 0;

async function promiseMeSomething(): Promise<void> {}
```

### Options

> #### `allowGenerics`

Author: For sure!

This option lets you control if `void` can be used as a valid value for generics
by passing `true` or `false` accordingly.

> Alternatively, you can provide an array of strings to only allow generic types by those names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can provide an array of strings which whitelist which types may accept `void` as a generic type parameter.
```
